A long, long time ago in a distant, war-torn galaxy...

After leaving the planet Namek, a group of robots fly toward a distant speck. The speck gradually resolves into a floating space castle.

Civil war strikes the galaxy, which is ruled by Ben Beckman, a magic deity capable of planetary destruction with the flick of a finger.

Terrified, a lone Namekian known as Erza flees the Empire, with her protector, Natsu.

They head for Upper City on the planet Alice. When they finally arrive, a fight breaks out. Natsu uses his knife to defend Erza.

Erza and Natsu decide it's time to leave Alice and steal a spaceship to shoot their way out.

In space they encounter a hord of space pirates. Natsu is attacked and Erza is captured by the space pirates and taken back to planet Alice.

Natsu must fight to save Erza but when he accidentally stumble upons a legendary sword in a thrift shop, the fate of the war-torn galaxy changes forever.


Natsu, now in possession of the legendary thrift sword ventures to the planet Alice to save Ezra.

With the passion and ferocity of a thousand soldiers, Natsu whips the ship around and begins a hurried descent into the atmosphere of Alice while fending off pirate combatants.

Natsu watched the pirates that captured Ezra enter the planet, and was certain which compound they brought Ezra to, Natsu makes a B-line directly for that compound.

As Natsu approaches the compound, they realize they can't land without destroying the anti-air towers that surround the compound.

Using the years of training they gained from the protectorate, Natsu bobs and weaves through the energy beams emitting from the towers and systematicall destroys them one by one.

Now that the towers are down, Natsu is able to safely land and set off to rescue their companion.

/Cazza Paragraph:

Once inside the compound, it becomes apparent that these are no ordinary space pirates. This is the secret compound where Ben Beckman has been conducting all of his galactical rulings from the shadows, having not been seen for years.

Natsu is, surpisingly, allowed to enter and wander about the compound freely, with no guards or Empire personnel to be seen or heard anywhere. Natsu ventures deeper and deeper into the compound until a blinding light appears from a nearby room that, on the outside, appeared to be just the size of a normal bedroom. 

Upon entry Natsu is immediately engaged by multiple guards and an armoured Ben Beckman. Beckman and his guards, not knowing the full extent of the power of the thrift sword, become trapped within the sword with their souls powering it for battle.

With Beckman now working within the sword, Natsu is able to save Ezra and they head off into the galaxy ready to liberate the war-torn peoples that still fight.

The End.
